Privacy Policy for our mobile applications

Dawid Wnukowski („us”, „we” or „our”) operates the mobile applications (the „Service”).
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.

Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request can be shared with third party services to analyze how you use our app to improve it (Our applications does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you).
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to cookies and usage data. This usage data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), unique device identifiers, the time and date of your use of our Service and other diagnostic data. Also in a case of an error in our Service we may collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone.

Third party service providers used by our applications that can collect your data:
    • Google Play Services, AdMob by Google, Google Analytics for Firebase with Crashlytics and other Google Services
		You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
		Privacy Policy of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
		How Google uses your data: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites

    • Amazon Web Services
		Amazon Web Services does not own or monetize the data we collect, and does not share it with third parties. They may use the data to improve their service, monitor the health of their service, and provide technical support to us. https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/

Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
    • To facilitate our Service
    • To provide Service on our behalf
    • To perform Service-related services
    • To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used
We want to inform users of our Service that these third parties could have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. They are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Advertising
We may use third-party service providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.

Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
    • Apple Store In-App Payments
      Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
    • Google Play In-App Payments
      Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/


Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within the Service and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom*. 

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Email: dawidwnukowskidev@yahoo.com


*Last update: 27 September 2018
